Update Guide to recommend using `npx` (#7570)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/get-started/guide.md

{{</Aside>}}

## 1. Start a new project with Wrangler (the Workers CLI)

> `wrangler` the Workers command-line interface (CLI), allows you to [`init`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#init), [`dev`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#dev), and [`publish`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#publish) your Workers projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Workers command-line interface, Wrangler, allows you to [`init`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#init), [`dev`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#dev), and [`publish`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#publish) your Workers projects.
```

> `wrangler` the Workers command-line interface (CLI), allows you to [`init`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#init), [`dev`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#dev), and [`publish`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#publish) your Workers projects.

Reviewer: Added suggestion on top of Pete's suggestion

To use [`wrangler`](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler2), ensure you have [`npm` installed](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started), preferably using a Node version manager like [Volta](https://volta.sh/) or [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm). Using a version manager helps avoid permission issues and allows you to easily change Node.js versions.

> To create a project, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new Workers project (named `my-project`), run:
```

Reviewer: The explanation on what the command does came in too late (line 41). Updated so it can be explained here what the user should expect from running this.

```sh

> $ npx wrangler init my-project

Reviewer: The point about TS is mentioned in the aside below. And line 31 addresses the questions.

> You can also use one of [Cloudflare's templates](https://github.com/cloudflare/templates#usage) to start a new project.

Reviewer 2: Yes, now they are.

This will create new directory (`my-project`), and setup a new Workers project within it. To start developing your worker, `cd` into your new project directory:

```sh
$ cd my-project
``` 

In your project directory, `wrangler init` has generated the following files:

1. `wrangler.toml`: Your [Wrangler](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#example) configuration file.
2. `index.js` (in `/src`): A minimal Hello World Worker written in JavaScript module syntax.
3. `package.json`: A minimal Node dependencies configuration file. Only generated if indicated in `wrangler init` command.
5. `tsconfig.json`: TypeScript configuration that includes [Workers types](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-types). Only generated if indicated in `wrangler init` command.

---

## 2. Run your development server

After you have created your first Worker, run the [`wrangler dev`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#dev) command to start a local server for developing your Worker. This will allow you to test your Worker in development. 

```sh
$ npx wrangler dev
```

> If you have not used Wrangler before, it will try to open your web browser to login with your Cloudflare account.
> {{<Aside type="note">}}
> 
> If you have issues with this step or you do not have access to a browser interface, refer to the [`wrangler login`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#login) documentation for more information.
> {{</Aside>}}
> 
> You will now be able to go to [http://localhost:8787](http://localhost:8787) to see your Worker running. Any changes you make to your code will trigger a rebuild, and reloading the page will show you the up-to-date output of your Worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have not used Wrangler before, it will try to open your web browser to login with your Cloudflare account.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

If you have issues with this step or you do not have access to a browser interface, refer to the [`wrangler login`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#login) documentation for more information.

{{</Aside>}}

You will now be able to go to [http://localhost:8787](http://localhost:8787) to see your Worker running. Any changes you make to your code will trigger a rebuild, and reloading the page will show you the up-to-date output of your Worker.
```

To experiment with more premade Workers, refer to [Workers Examples](/workers/examples/).

## 4. Publish your project

> With your project configured, you can now publish your Worker. You can publish your Worker to a custom domain, or, if not configured, the Worker will publish to a `*.workers.dev` subdomain by default. If you haven't configured a `*.workers.dev` subdomain, Wrangler will prompt you during the publish process in order to set one up.

Reviewer: Adding on top of Pete's suggestion 
```suggestion
With your project configured, you can now publish your Worker, to a `*.workers.dev` subdomain, or a [custom domain](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/triggers/custom-domains/), if you have one configured. If you have not configured any subdomain or domain, Wrangler will prompt you during the publish process to set one up.
```

```sh
---
header: Publish to workers.dev
---
$ npx wrangler publish
```

> You can preview your Worker at `<YOUR_WORKER>.<YOUR_SUBDOMAIN>.workers.dev`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preview your Worker at `<YOUR_WORKER>.<YOUR_SUBDOMAIN>.workers.dev`.
```
